feat(dotnet): Open Telemetry support (#7430)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/performance/opentelemetry-setup/dotnet.mdx

### Console applications

To start tracing in a console application, you need to create a tracer provider. Add Sentry to the tracer provider to allow OpenTelemetry spans to be captured by Sentry.

```csharp
using var tracerProvider = Sdk.CreateTracerProviderBuilder()
    .AddSource(serviceName)
    .ConfigureResource(resource =>
        resource.AddService(
            serviceName: serviceName,
            serviceVersion: serviceVersion))
    .AddSentry() // <-- Configure OpenTelemetry to send traces to Sentry
    .Build();
```

> Next, initialize Sentry and opt into the use of OpenTelemetry. This allows the SDK to sent OpenTelemetry spans to be sent to Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, initialize Sentry and opt into the use of OpenTelemetry. This allows the SDK to send OpenTelemetry spans to Sentry.
```

```csharp
SentrySdk.Init(options =>
{
    // options.Dsn = "... Your DSN ...";
    options.TracesSampleRate = 1.0;
    options.UseOpenTelemetry(); // <-- Configure Sentry to use OpenTelemetry trace information
});
```

### ASP.NET Core applications

To start tracing in an ASP.NET Core app, add OpenTelemetry with tracing and add Sentry to the tracer provider.

```csharp
var builder = WebApplication.CreateBuilder(args);

builder.Services.AddOpenTelemetry()
    .WithTracing(tracerProviderBuilder =>
        tracerProviderBuilder
            .AddSource(Telemetry.ActivitySource.Name)
            .ConfigureResource(resource => resource.AddService(Telemetry.ServiceName))
            .AddAspNetCoreInstrumentation()
            .AddHttpClientInstrumentation()
            .AddSentry() // <-- Configure OpenTelemetry to send trace information to Sentry
    );
```

> Next, initialize Sentry and opt into the use of OpenTelemetry. This allows the SDK to sent OpenTelemetry spans to be sent to Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, initialize Sentry and opt into the use of OpenTelemetry. This allows the SDK to send OpenTelemetry spans to Sentry.
```

```csharp
builder.WebHost.UseSentry(options =>
{
    options.Dsn = "...Your DSN...";
    options.TracesSampleRate = 1.0;
    options.UseOpenTelemetry(); // <-- Configure Sentry to use OpenTelemetry trace information
});
```

### ASP.NET applications

> To start tracing in an ASP.NET application, you need to create a tracer provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To start tracing in an ASP.NET application, you'll need to create a tracer provider.
```

```csharp
var builder = Sdk.CreateTracerProviderBuilder()
    .AddAspNetInstrumentation()
    .AddSource(Telemetry.ServiceName)
    .SetResourceBuilder(
        ResourceBuilder.CreateDefault()
            .AddService(serviceName: Telemetry.ServiceName, serviceVersion: "1.0.0")
        );

```

> Next, initialize Sentry and opt into the use of OpenTelemetry. You'll need to provide the SDK with the builder for OpenTelemetry's tracer provider to allow sending spans to Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, initialize Sentry and opt into the use of OpenTelemetry. Provide the SDK with the builder for OpenTelemetry's tracer provider to allow sending spans to Sentry.
```
